gh-117597: Clarify exception handling in the tutorial (#117681)
python/cpython: Doc/tutorial/errors.rst

   ... except (RuntimeError, TypeError, NameError):
   ...     pass

A class in an :keyword:`except` clause matches exceptions which are instances of the

> class itself or one of its derived classes. (but not the other way around --- an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class itself or one of its derived classes (but not the other way around --- an
```

> A class in an :keyword:`except` clause is compatible with exceptions of the class
> itself and its derived classes. (but not the other way around --- an *except clause*
> listing a derived class is not compatible with exceptions of its base classes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A class in an :keyword:`except` clause matches exceptions which are instances of the
class itself or one of its derived classes. (but not the other way around --- an
*except clause* listing a derived class does not match instances of its base classes).
```

(if you scroll up it uses "matches" rather than "compatible with").
